John Smith: Hi Lisa, thanks for hopping on this call. I wanted to check in on the quarterly report.
Lisa Chen: Of course, John. We’re finalizing the numbers now. Everything looks on track.
John Smith: Great to hear. Any concerns we should be aware of before the board meeting?
Lisa Chen: Just a slight dip in Q2 sales, but we’ve identified the cause and already adjusted our strategy.
John Smith: Understood. Do we have projections for Q3?
Lisa Chen: Yes, we're forecasting a 7% increase, assuming current trends hold.
John Smith: That’s promising. Can you send me the final report by Friday?
Lisa Chen: Absolutely. I’ll make sure you have it by noon.
John Smith: Perfect. Thanks, Lisa. I appreciate the update.
Lisa Chen: No problem, John. Talk soon!
John Smith: Bye!